Hi, guys.
Or come then this lecture you're going to start is on the home screen.
You are now.
In order to get to this page, you can simply just log in or go to the main door.
That's by then change the screen to the bottom of okay, now first of all, you're going to get rid
of this status bar.
That's to get to get rid of this touch bar.
You're going to go to the main door.
That's fine.
Okay, then after.
Sorry.
There's a lot of written material.
Have probably something on the US system.
System.
System Chrome.
Okay, great.
Now we're going to set dots.
Said system.
Over list, I.
Okay, great.
Now.
They're now going to pass system.
Over.
List I that is this.
Okay, now, what we're just going to do is.
We are going to start us back.
Hello.
I just want to say call us the.
Transference, which automatically removes it.
Right.
I'm trying this now to save.
And go check it out.
You can see this as well.
Nice.
Gone.
Okay, great.
Also, I'm just going to change this from pink to white.
I think I don't like that.
But you can live yours or probably you can use any color of your choice.
So I'm going to go to the bottom navigation bar.
Okay.
This is.
The bought some location, I think.
I really can't find this.
Okay.
There's the wire.
So you sort of think I'm just going to change it.
So I took three whites.
Okay.
And that's it.
Alright.
So I think that's if colour okay colour starts.
Whites were go.
I just saw it says button colour.
But we have a rebel that is called says button colour which is a colour of whites.
Okay.
Great.